Python Blog Updates (#12202)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/pulumi-loves-python/index.md

* __More Pythonic resource APIs__: A new dictionary-based API design whcih embraces a simple and familiar Pythonic API design along with access to great type checking and tooling building on recent enhancements to `TypedDict` support in the Python programming language and tools.
* __Native support for Poetry__: Built-in support for working with Poetry in place of `pip`, making it easy to integrate Pulumi into project and repos leveraging the popular Poetry package management toolchain for Python.
* __Type checker integration__: New ability to run your favorite Python type checkers directly within the Pulumi deployment process 

<!--more-->

## Pulumi + Python

Python was one of the first languages we ever supported in Pulumi, and has grown rapidly for defining and building Infrastructure as Code across any cloud. This growth has accelerated over the last year, driven by a few different trends:

1. DevOps practioners with existing Python scritping experience who can naturally extend that experience into their IaC development

> 2. AI and Data-focused organizations with deep Python focus braodly within their organization leaning on IaC development whcih leverages the same language and tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. AI and Data-focused organizations with deep Python focus broadly within their organization leaning on IaC development which leverages the same language and tools
```
